
+++
draft = false
date = "2008-07-24T21:28:52+10:00"
title = "Frugalware wallpaper competition"
author = "phayz"

+++

            For the first time in Frugalware's history, we're running a wallpaper competition. The aim of this competition is to get an original wallpaper for Frugalware's 0.9 - "Solaria" - release.  The winning entry will be set as the default wallpaper.  It will also be the basis for various derivative works - e.g. KDE/GDM/SLiM themes, splash screens.<br />

            The successful entrant may be offered the opportunity to produce derivative works from their winning wallpaper.  If they decline this offer, a Frugalware developer will produce these works based on the source files provided by the entrant (refer below for this condition).<br />

            <strong>Judgement criteria</strong><br />

            <ul>
            <li>For the duration of the judging period, each Frugalware developer can cast a maximum of 1 vote for each entry.  The entry with the most votes at the end of the judging period will be declared the winning entry.  If any entries have the same number of votes for them, vmiklos will choose the winning entry from these entries;</li>
            <li>While the wallpaper's content is open to the imagination of the entrant, it must not (a) be offensive to the general public, (b) have negative connotations - e.g. attempt to denegrate another Linux distribution, company, person etc;</li>
            <li>The winning entry will be announced on the Frugalware forums, also via a news entry on the Frugalware web site.  All entries will be considered for inclusion in the official Frugalware library;</li>
            <li>The winning entrant will be notified via email;</li>
            <li>The competition is open to everyone, including Frugalware developers.</li>
            </ul>

            <strong>Submission requirements</strong><br />

            <ul>
            <li>All entries must comply with the "Frugalware artwork requirements" - refer to the <a href="http://www.frugalware.org/docs/artwork-rules.html">artwork rules</a>;</li>
            <li>Each entrant can submit a maximum of three (3) entries;</li>
            <li>Each entry must be entirely original artwork by the entrant;</li>
            <li>Any entry which is found to be in conflict with these submission requirements or the Frugalware artwork rules will be declared invalid and excluded from the competition.</li>
            </ul>

            <strong>Timetable and deadline</strong><br />

            <ul>
            <li>Entries may be submitted to the Frugalware developers mailing list - frugalware-devel@frugalware.org - from 27 July 2008 to 9 August 2008.</li>
            <li>Judging will occur after submissions close, with a winning entry being selected by 16 August 2008.</li>
            </ul>
            
        