
+++
draft = false
date = "2011-01-28T08:21:25+01:00"
title = "Frugalware 1.4rc2 (Nexon) released"
author = "Miklos Vajna"

categories = ["development"]

+++

      The Frugalware Developer Team is pleased to <a href="/news/193">announce</a> the immediate availability of Frugalware 1.4rc2, the second candidate of the upcoming 1.4 stable release.</p>
    <p>Here are some of the major improvements, fixes and updates since 1.4rc1:<br />
      <ul>
        <li>Package updates:</li>
        <ul>
          <li>Linux 2.6.37 + fixes</li>
          <li>KDE SC 4.5</li>
          <li>Drupal 7 obsoletes Drupal 5. If a drupal-5 package has its own drupal-6 counterpart (eg. drupal-cck),
        then the drupal-6 one (drupal6-cck) replaces the old one automatically. If a drupal-5 package DOES NOT
        have its own drupal6 counterpart, then the drupal6 package replaces it - sorry for the inconvenience,
        those drupal-5 bastards are not even supported by upstream.</li>
          <li>systemd v16 - and 5 more packages now support systemd
            using native unit files</li>
        </ul>
        <li>Fixes:</li>
        <ul>
          <li>The CD/DVD installer can perform fully offline installation again.</li>
          <li>Various user interface fixes (missing icons in desktop
            files, etc.)</li>
          <li>Missing koffice localization packages are back (they were missing since the integration of KDE4).</li>
        </ul>
      </ul>
      Please refer to the Frugalware <a href="http://ftp.frugalware.org/pub/frugalware/frugalware-testing/ChangeLog.txt">Nexon ChangeLog</a> for more information.<br />
      Download for i686: See our <a href="http://frugalware.org/download/frugalware-testing-iso">mirror list</a>. Don't forget to check the <a href="http://frugalware.org/download/frugalware-testing-iso/SHA1SUMS">integrity</a> of the install images before burning!<br />
      <b>NOTE</b>: Click <a href="/docs/install#_choosing_installation_flavor">here</a> to read more about what media you need for the installation. <br />
      
    