
+++
draft = false
date = "2005-06-22T23:34:49+02:00"
title = "Frugalware 0.3pre1-i686 released"
author = "VMiklos"

+++

            The Frugalware Developer Team is pleased to announce the immediate availability of Frugalware 0.3pre1-i686, the first preview of the upcoming 0.3-i686 stable release.<br />
            A short list of most important improvements and news since 0.2:<ul><li>Improvements:<br />
                <ul><li>Added a new tool: repoman. It helps you to compile packages from source, allowing to automatically create and install closed-source packages like realplayer or skype (<tt>repoman merge packagename</tt>). Also it allows you to download all package's buildscript (<tt>repoman update</tt>) and recompile them with your compiler flags, "a la Gentoo".<br />
                </li><li>Our build system now supports more than one architecture which means you can expect an x86_64 preview release soon.<br />
                </li><li>All packages got their group, so that if you installed only a base system, you can install all network-related packages with <tt>pacman -S network</tt> and so.<br />
                </li><li>Created a new config tool: wificonfig, to configure your wireless connection.<br />
                </li><li>The KDE menu changed a bit: now most installed non-kde applications should apper in the menu, too.<br />
                </li><li>Localized Thunderbird and added localized spellcheck support.<br />
                </li><li>The gimp-print printer drivers replaced with the foomatic ones, wich means we support much more printers now.<br />
                </li><li>Packaged the rox desktop environment.<br />
                </li><li>New web <a href="http://frugalware.org/packages.php">interface</a> for viewing informations about packages.<br />
                </li><li>Now all package has it's own changelog, which can be viewed from for example the packages page.</li></ul><br />
            </li><li>Package highlights: More than 150 new packages: windowmaker applets, firestarter, pure-ftpd, subversion and more.<br />
            </li><li>Updates: As usual, Frugalware cames with the latest version of upstream stable releases, including:<br />
                <ul><li>Linux kernel 2.6.12<br />
                </li><li>GCC 3.4.4<br />
                </li><li>KDE 3.4.1</li></ul></li></ul><br />
            Please refer to the Frugalware <a href=changelog.php>ChangeLog</a> for more information.<br />
            Download: <a href="download.php?url=frugalware-current-iso/frugalware-0.3pre1-i686-net.iso">netinstall</a> (16M), <a href="download.php?url=frugalware-current-iso/frugalware-0.3pre1-i686-cd1.iso">cd1</a> (506M), <a href="download.php?url=frugalware-current-iso/frugalware-0.3pre1-i686-cd2.iso">cd2</a> (692M), <a href="download.php?url=frugalware-current-iso/frugalware-0.3pre1-i686-dvd.iso">dvd</a> (2.4G)<br />
            MD5SUMS:<br />
            <tt>7e62e1aeb2a32f29edf26670f268bd63  frugalware-0.3pre1-i686-cd1.iso<br />
            6ba2f51262fd81850a03c8c9603823af  frugalware-0.3pre1-i686-cd2.iso<br />
            284386e5fcf062c4b71f9a72cd8f138f  frugalware-0.3pre1-i686-dvd.iso<br />
            5066616ee44c8489b14a573cbaeba95b  frugalware-0.3pre1-i686-net.iso</tt><br />
            <br />
            
        