
+++
draft = false
date = "2013-07-01T03:31:47-05:00"
title = "Frugalware 1.9pre2 (Arcturus) released"
author = "ryuo"

categories = ["development"]

+++

      This is the second preview release of Frugalware 1.9.<br/>
      <br/>
      Starting with this release, netconfig has been replaced by our new nmconfig tool which uses the NetworkManager framework instead of our original custom network management code. This reduces the amount of custom code we must maintain for our distribution.<br/>
      <br/>
      Also of note is the fact that the entire collection of tools from frugalwareutils has been replaced by the standalone mode of the new installer. The new tools are provided by the package fvbeutils.<br/>
      <br/>
      Some other minor improvements exist, such as the installer's partitioner no longer exposing the boot medium as a partitionable device. This only applies if you are booting from USB.<br/>
      <br/>
      Now for the installer instructions. You will need to login as root after the ISO boots using the password fvbe. To run the installer, use the command fwsetup.<br/>
      <br/>
      One final note is that we are looking for someone to design a new 16 color palette for the new installer. Currently it uses the color palette from Mandriva's NEWT patches. If you are interested, then contact us on IRC or the forums.<br/>
      <br/>
      Download for i686 or x86_64: See our <a href="http://frugalware.org/download/frugalware-current-iso">mirror list</a>. Don't forget to check the <a href="http://frugalware.org/download/frugalware-current-iso/SHA1SUMS">integrity</a> of the install images before burning!<br/>
        
    