
+++
draft = false
date = "2016-09-05T13:51:34+02:00"
title = "Frugalware 2.1 (Derowd) released"
author = "DeX77"

categories = ["development"]

+++

      The Frugalware Developer Team is pleased to <a href=/news/263>announce</a> the immediate availability of Frugalware 2.1, our twentyfirst stable release.<br />
      Important notice: Frugalware provided a -stable and -current tree in the past. As our team shrinked quite a bit lately we lack the manpower to continue providing a, <br />
      secure and stable tree while provding bleeding edge and latest package in another. Therefore we decided to move all users to the -current tree. <br />
      For users not wanting that we will provide a static, not updated snapshot of the -current tree each time we do a release. <br />
      We also plan to release more often so this snapshots get updated faster. <br />
      Here are the most important changes since 2.0 in no particular order:<br />
      <ul>
        <li>Package updates:
          <ul>
      	    <li>Linux kernel 4.7.2</li>
      	    <li>Xorg server 1.18.4</li>
            <li>Mesa 12.0.1</li>
            <li>KDE (Plasma) 5.7.3</li>
            <li>GNOME 3.20.2</li>
      	    <li>LibreOffice 5.2.1.2</li>
      	    <li>Mozilla Firefox 48.0.2</li>
      	    <li>Chromium browser 52.0.2743.116</li>
          </ul>
        </li>
      </ul>
      Please refer to the Frugalware <a href="http://frugalware.org/download/frugalware-stable/ChangeLog.txt">Derowd ChangeLog</a> for more information.<br />
      We no longer provide i686 ISOs but will continue to provide i686 packages, because they are also needed for lib32-extra packages on x86_64. <br />
      Download for x86_64: See our <a href="http://frugalware.org/download/frugalware-stable-iso">mirror list</a>. Don't forget to check the <a href="http://frugalware.org/download/frugalware-stable-iso/SHA1SUMS">integrity</a> of the install images before burning!<br/>
      If you are upgrading to Derowd from our previous stable release (Rigel), please read the <a href="http://frugalware.org/docs/stable/upgrade">upgrade</a> part of our documentation.<br />
        
    